INTERVAL HISTORY:
Today, we had the opportunity to see XXXX in neurosurgery clinic. As
you know, she is a 53-year-old woman, who underwent elective treatment of a
right posterior communicating artery aneurysm and a right internal carotid
artery terminus aneurysm in March of 2010. These aneurysms were discovered
after she was being also worked up for a Chiari malformation with a
cervicothoracic syrinx. After the aneurysms were coiled, she then underwent
elective treatment for her Chiari malformation. On YYYYY, she underwent a
suboccipital craniectomy for treatment of her Chiari. Since that time, her
cervical syrinx has decreased in size, but has not completely disappeared.
Over the years since treatment though, she has had continued difficulties with
vague neurologic symptoms as well as myelopathic symptoms. She then also
developed optic neuritis and she was given the diagnosis of multiple
sclerosis. She has been undergoing treatment since. She still continues to
have difficulty with her balance and her gait. She also complains of a
pressure feeling in her head. She also describes a heaviness in her eyes. She
also complains of some visual changes. She is due to see ophthalmology in the
near future. She underwent her followup MRA of the brain and MRI of the brain
and cervical spine. The cervical spine MRA demonstrates a cervicothoracic
syrinx that has not increased in size. It in fact, looks smaller than her
images from 2010. Her posterior fossa looks well decompressed. There is no
significant pressure or hydrocephalus. Her MRA demonstrates small neck
remnants at her carotid terminus in posterior communicating artery sites. She
also has very tiny middle cerebral bifurcations and dilatations that we have
been monitoring conservatively. There has been no significant increase in size of her
aneurysms
.



